Begin now to be what you will be hereafter. Saint Jerome
We have to do the best we are capable of. This is our sacred human responsibility. Albert Einstein
You have as much laughter as you have faith. Martin Luther
The brain is wider than the sky. Emily Dickinson
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. Robert Frost
A goal should scare you a little and excite you a lot. Joe Vitale
Listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were doing to do anyway. Robert Downey Jr
Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper. W.B. Yeats
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. William Shakespeare 
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. Jim Rohn 
Learn to say ‘no’ to the good so you can say ‘yes’ to the best. John C. Maxwell
Great things never came from comfort zones. Neil Strauss
I have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad. Or I can go mad by ricocheting in between. Sylvia Plath
If you want something you never had, you have to do something you’ve never done. Thomas Jefferson
When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things. Joe Namath
We know what we are, but know not what we may be. William Shakespeare
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self. Ernest Hemingway
Your labor is your contribution to the miracle. Elizabeth Gilbert
We did not come to fear the future. We came here to shape it. Barack Obama
My message to you is simple, keep believing, keep marching, keep building, keep raising your voice. Barack Obama
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. T.S. Eliot
I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can’t see from the center. Kurt Vonnegut
At the end of the day it’s not about what you have or even what you’ve accomplished… it’s about who you’ve lifted up, who you’ve made better, it’s about what you’ve given back. Denzel Washington
The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes “Awww!”. Jack Kerouac
If you think, then you will be prepared. If you are prepared, then you will have no worries. Li Ka Shing
If you take risks and face your fate with dignity, there is nothing you can do that makes you small; if you don’t take risks, there is nothing you can do that makes you grand, nothing. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. Henry Stanley Haskins
Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it. Horace 
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself. Michel de Montaigne
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion. Jack Kerouac
I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. Jack London
We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us. Charles Bukowski
Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way. Charles Bukowski
The first to apoligize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest. Unknown
Don’t bend; don’t water it down; don’t try to make it logical; don’t edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly. Franz Kafka
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. F. Scott Fitzgerald
From error to error one discovers the entire truth. Sigmund Freud (This is one of my favorite inspirational quote. Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours!)
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. Mahatma Gandhi 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. Mark Twain
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better. Samuel Beckett
You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as you dominant aspiration. James Allen
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. Helen Keller
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it. Steve Jobs
Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you. Jesus Christ
A ship is always safe a shore but that is not what it’s built for. Albert Einstein
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars. Les Brown
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. Og Mandino
When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it. Jim Rohn
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma, which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of other’s opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. Steve Jobs
If you don’t know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. Laurence J. Peter
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. Zig Ziglar
Not all those who wander are lost. J. R. R. Tolkien 
Little by little, one travels far. J. R. R. Tolkien
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. John Wooden
You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. Martin Luther King Jr
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. Maya Angelou
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd. Miguel de Cervantes
Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not. George Bernard Shaw
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on. Robert Frost
All for one and one for all. Alexandre Dumas
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. Aristotle
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well. Jack London
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. Albert Einstein
Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right. Henry Ford
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. Henry David Thoreau
You have to risk going too far to discover just how far you can really go. Jim Rohn
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. Friedrich Nietzsche
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. Friedrich Nietzsche
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. Oscar Wilde
I exist as I am, that is enough. Walt Whitman 
Pain or love or danger makes you real again. Jack Kerouac
If you can imagine it, we can make it. John Dykstra
Either get busy living or get busy dying. Stephen King
You change the world by being yourself. Yoko Ono
The only way round is through. Robert Frost
Begin, be bold and venture to be wise. Horace
We are our choices. Jean-Paul Sartre
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. Napoleon Hill
Great things never came from comfort zones. Unknown
One day or day one. You decide. Unknown
Don’t just wait for inspiration. Become it. Unknown
I didn’t come this far, to only come this far. Unknown
Prove them wrong. Unknown
Don’t tell people your dreams. Show them. Unknown
You can be happy where you are. Joel Osteen
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. Friedrich Engels
They can because they think they can. Virgil
Fortune sides with him who dares. Virgil 
Life begins on the other side of despair. Jean-Paul Sartre
Resist much, obey little. Walt Whitman
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears. Albert Camus
More short quotes
And your very flesh shall be a great poem. Walt Whitman
Our true nationality is mankind. H. G. Wells
Paths are made by walking. Franz Kafka
Diligence is the mother of good fortune. Miguel de Cervantes
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don’t be sorry. Jack Kerouac
Feet, what do I need them for if I have wings to fly. Frida Kahlo 
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations. Unknown
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change. Unknown
When you see something beautiful in someone, tell them. It may take a second to say, but for them it could last a life time. Unknown
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit. E. E. Cummings
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic. Dale Carnegie
We don’t rise to the level of our expectations. We fall to the level of our training. Archilochus
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is: infinite. William Blake
I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart. I am, I am, I am. Sylvia Plath
You will find poetry nowhere unless you bring some of it with you. Joseph Joubert
And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don’t believe in magic will never find it. Roald Dahl
Breathe, it’s just a bad day, not a bad life. Unknown 
The mind is like an iceberg, it floats with one-seventh of its bulk above water. Sigmund Freud
Build a man a fire, and he’ll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he’ll be warm for the rest of his life. Terry Pratchett
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes. Marcel Proust
Abandon yourself to the moment, and you will find every day new openings, new light, new insight. And those new insights will go on changing you. One day, suddenly you will see you are each moment new. Osho
You have to be able to tolerate what you don’t necessarily like so you can be free. Larry Flynt
I believe that man will not merely endure; he will prevail. William Faulkner
What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness. John Steinbeck
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. Oscar Wilde 
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. Sigmund Freud
Dance first. Think later. It’s the natural order. Samuel Beckett
We are all born mad. Some remain so. Samuel Beckett
Always do sober what you said you’d do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. Ernest Hemingway
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons. T.S. Eliot
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead. Charles Bukowski
Life has a way of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen at once. Paulo Coelho
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity. Edgar Allan Poe
Embrace the glorious mess that you are. Elizabeth Gilbert
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not ‘Eureka!’ (I’ve found it!), but ‘That’s funny…’.
I don’t want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there. Oscar Wilde 
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one. Terry Pratchett
I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it. George Bernard Shaw
I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and don’t let anybody tell you different.
Wrinkles mean you laughed, grey hair means you care and scars mean you lived. Unknown
A bad attitude is like a flat tire, you can’t get very far until you change it. Unknown
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret. Ambrose Bierce
If you are money, then, when you die, you will be spent. Rich Cohen
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature. Dave Barry
I have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it. Edgar Allan Poe
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please. Mark Twain
Drag your thoughts away from your troubles… by the ears, by the heels, or any other way you can manage it. Mark Twain
The only thing you can get in a hurry is trouble. Navjot Singh Sidhu
It’s not the size of the dog in the fight, it’s the size of the fight in the dog. Mark Twain
Show me a man with a tattoo and I’ll show you a man with an interesting past. Jack London
It’s not bragging if you can back it up. Muhammad Ali
The wisest men follow their own direction. Euripides 
Better to have, and not need, than to need, and not have. Franz Kafka
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. Oscar Wilde
You are free, and that is why you are lost. Franz Kafka
One of the first signs of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die. Franz Kafka
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached. Franz Kafka
We shall not cease from exploration. And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time. T.S. Eliot
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from. T.S. Eliot
Unless you believe, you will not understand. Augustine of Hippo
You will always find an answer in the sound of water. Zhuangzi 
You attract what you are, not what you want. Unknown
I focused so hard on what I wanted that I lost sight of what I deserved. Unknown
Sometimes when things are falling apart they may actually be falling into place. Unknown
Let it all go. See what stays.
Anything I come across that feels impossible, I probably need to take a second look. Joe Gebbia (Co-founder AirBnb)
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. Mark Twain
Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be. Miguel de Cervantes
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness. Samuel Beckett
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be. Bruce Lee
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again. C.S. Lewis
You must realize that one day you will die. Until then you are worthless. Chuck Palahniuk
Do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment. Dogen
Do not judge, and you will never be mistaken. Jean Jacques Rousseau
Do not ask for what you will wish you had not got. Lucius Annaeus Seneca
If you suddenly stumble upon the right door, you will not be able to recognize that it is right. Osho
You have to die a few times before you can really live. Charles Bukowski
Live so that you can at least get the benefit of the doubt. Kin Hubbard
To find yourself, think for yourself. Socrates
You have to be odd to be number one. Dr. Seuss 
My father used to say, “don’t raise your voice improve your argument”. Unknown
When thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guild can change the past, and no amount of anxiety can change the future. Unknown
I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right. Muhammad Ali Jinnah
People cry, not because they’re weak. It’s because they’ve been strong for too long. Johnny Depp
Don’t look back unless you’re planning to go that way. Unknown
Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving. Terry Pratchett
Don’t talk unless you can improve the silence. Jorge Luis Borges
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger. Buddha
I long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble. The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker. Helen Keller
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something. Plato
The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them. Stephen King
Saying nothing sometimes says the most. Emily Dickinson 
To be blind is not miserable; not to be able to bear blindness, that is miserable. John Milton
Do not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself. Plutarch
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly. Plutarch
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears. Michel de Montaigne
Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know. Michel de Montaigne
Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people. W.B. Yeats
If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone. Maxwell Maltz
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. Kurt Vonnegut
A harmful truth is better than a useful lie. Thomas Mann
If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything. Mark Twain
Please all, and you will please none. Aesop
Beware the barrenness of a busy life. Socrates
Life is the sum of all your choices. Albert Camus
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. Søren Kierkegaard
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter. Nicolas Chamfort
The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time. Jack London
My mission: to be so busy loving my life that I have no time for hate, regret, worry, fret, or fear. Unknown
Life is all about balance. You don’t always need to be getting stuff done. Sometimes it’s perfectly okay, and absolutely necessary, to shut down, kick back, and do nothing. Lori Deschene
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. Albert Camus
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
If you’re afraid to die, you will not be able to live. James A. Baldwin
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet. Emily Dickinson
An unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. Plutarch 
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop. Ovid
I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited. Sylvia Plath
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age. James Joyce
It is necessary to have wished for death in order to know how good it is to live. Alexandre Dumas
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Plunge boldly into the thick of life, and seize it where you will, it is always interesting. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. Norman Vincent Peale
Listening to your own heart, you will start moving in the right direction, without ever thinking of what is right and what is wrong. Osho
Listen to the new, go with the new. I know you are afraid. In spite of the fear, go with the new, and your life will become richer and richer and you will be able one day to release your imprisoned splendor. Osho
You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning. Billy Wilder
You can change your world by changing your words… Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue. Joel Osteen
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually fear you will make one. Navjot Singh Sidhu
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters. Seneca
Maybe that’s what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars. Jack Kerouac
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. Truman Capote
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places. Ernest Hemingway
Courage is grace under pressure. Ernest Hemingway
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. Victor Hugo
Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than your comfort zone. Unknown
Be strong enough to stand alone, smart enough to know when you need help, and brave enough to ask for it. Unkwnon
Magic happens when you do not give up, even though you want to. The universe always falls in love with a stubborn heart. Unknown
We mature with damage, not with the years. Unknown
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. George Bernard Shaw
These are the days that must happen to you. Walt Whitman
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. Oscar Wilde
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. Marcus Aurelius
Don’t worry about losing. If it is right, it happens – The main thing is not to hurry. Nothing good gets away. John Steinbeck
You can only fight the way you practice. Miyamoto Musashi
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it. Jean-Paul Sartre
Everything has got a moral if you can only find it. Lewis Carroll 
Mistakes are the portals of discovery. James Joyce
You do not write your life with words… You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do. Patrick Ness
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer. Albert Camus
Keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you. Walt Whitman
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. W. B. Yeats
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. H. G. Wells
Experience is the teacher of all things. Julius Caesar
The one who falls and gets up is so much stronger than the one who never fell. Unknown
Without rain nothing grows. Learn to embrace the storms of your life. Unknown
You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind. Mahatma Gandhi
There is a direct correlation between an increased sphere of comfort and getting what you want. Tim Ferriss
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them. Maya Angelou
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out. Benjamin Franklin
You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search. Maxwell Maltz
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually fear you will make one. Navjot Singh Sidhu
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You will find that they haven’t half the strength you think they have. Norman Vincent Peale
Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can’t practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage. Maya Angelou
You cannot escape necessities, but you can overcome them. Lucius Annaeus Seneca
You have to be able to tolerate what you don’t necessarily like so you can be free. Larry Flynt
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me. Unknown
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. E. E. Cummings
It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. Epictetus
No man is free who is not master of himself. Epictetus
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. Epictetus
The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it – basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them. Charles Bukowski
Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that’s the one that is going to help you grow. Unknown
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting. E.E. Cummings
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you. Unknown
Learn to say ‘no’ without explaining yourself. Unknown
Stay patient and trust your journey. Unknown
Someday, everything will make perfect sense. So for now, laugh at the confusion, smile throught the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason. Unknown
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself. Coco Chanel
Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so. Marcus Aurelius
What you hear repeatedly you will eventually believe. Michael Korda
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve. Napoleon Hill
Act the part and you will become the part. William James 
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter. William James
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility. Augustine of Hippo
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. Marcus Aurelius
Re-examine all that you have been told… dismiss that which insults your soul. Walt Whitman
No legacy is so rich as honesty. William Shakespeare
Doubt whom you will, but never yourself. Christian Nestell Bovee
Knowing what you can not do is more important than knowing what you can do. In fact, that’s good taste. Lucille Ball
When you think you’re good, you will play at that level. If you doubt yourself, you will play like crap. Kurt Russell
If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve. Lao Tzu
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams. Les Brown
You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. Marcus Aurelius
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present. Marcus Aurelius
If you stand for something you will have people for you and people against you. But if you stand for nothing you will have nobody for you and nobody against you. Maurice Saatchi
Resolve that whatever you do, you will bring the whole man to it; that you will fling the whole weight of your being into it. Orison Swett Marden
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. Harry S. Truman
Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it. Action has magic, grace and power in it. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Accept yourself as you are. Otherwise you will never see opportunity. You will not feel free to move toward it; you will feel you are not deserving. Maxwell Maltz
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self. Napoleon Hill
Swallow your pride, you will not die, it’s not poison. Bob Dylan
He who sings scares away his woes. Miguel de Cervantes
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart. Seneca
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature. Socrates
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind. Marcel Proust
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. Marcus Aurelius
Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it. Alexandre Dumas
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old. Franz Kafka
Happiness consists in realizing it is all a great strange dream. Jack Kerouac
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. Robert Frost
You cannot find peace by avoiding life. Virginia Woolf
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed. Alexander Pope
If you expect nothing from anybody, you’re never disappointed. Sylvia Plath
Not what we have but what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. Epicurus
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for. Epicurus
The best part about life? Every morning you have a new opportunity to become a happier version of yourself. Unknown
Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. It means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections. Unknown
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others. Albert Camus 
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. Cicero
Don’t be in such a rush to figure everything out. Embrace the unknown and let your life surprise you.
If you seek tranquility, do less. Or do what’s essential – what the logos of a social being requires, and in the requisite way. Which brings a double satisfaction: to do less, better. Because most of what we say and do is not essential. If you can eliminate it, you’ll have more time, and more tranquility. Ask yourself at every moment, ‘Is this necessary?’ Marcus Aurelius
You can discard most of the junk that clutters your mind – things that exist only there – and clear out space for yourself. Marcus Aurelius
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again. Joseph Campbell
I still remember the days I prayed for the things I have now. Unknown
Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself. You will then find out how easy it is to get along. Paramahansa Yogananda
Learn to be calm and you will always be happy. Paramahansa Yogananda
The most valuable possession you can own is an open heart. The most powerful weapon you can be is an instrument of peace. Carlos Santana
We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses. Carl Jung
Do anything, but let it produce joy. Walt Whitman
There are two ways to be happy: change the situation, or change your mindset towards it. Unknown
Don’t ruin a good today by thinking about a bad yesterday. Let it go. Unknown
As long as you are being true to yourself, you will always find happiness. Amber Riley
If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else. Marvin Gaye
If you look for perfection, you’ll never be content. Leo Tolstoy
Silent gratitude isn’t very much use to anyone. Gertrude Stein
There is a quiet place where no one disturbs you. Marlene Dietrich
Love and work… work and love, that’s all there is. Sigmund Freud
Love is space and time measured by the heart. Marcel Proust
If you have the ability to love, love yourself first. Charles Bukowski
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved. Victor Hugo
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. Maya Angelou
If you give, you will be blessed. Joel Osteen
Be loving towards yourself, then you will be able to love others too. Osho
If you can grow in love, you will grow in awareness. If you grow in awareness, you will grow in love. Osho
No one is sent by accident to anyone. Unknown
If you are still looking for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror. Roman Price
We love the things we love for what they are. Robert Frost
Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary. Oscar Wilde
If you want to be loved, be lovable. Ovid
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. Mother Teresa
Owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we’ll ever do. Brené Brown
Be the love you never received. Unknown 
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence. Henry David Thoreau
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life. Oscar Wilde
Men always want to be a woman’s first love – women like to be a man’s last romance. Oscar Wilde
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. Oscar Wilde
Work on being in love with the person in the mirror who has been through so much but is still standing. Unknown
Never stop showing someone how much they mean to you. Unknown
The best kiss is the one that has been exchanged a thousand times between the eyes before it reaches the lips. Unknown
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. William Shakespeare
Being with you and not being with you is the only way I have to measure time. Jorge Luis Borges
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. Albert Camus
When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you’d like them to be. Leo Tolstoy
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love. Leo Tolstoy
We loved with a love that was more than love. Edgar Allan Poe
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. Aristotle
Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work. Horace
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance. Aristotle
You have to be a good individual first before you can be a good team player. David Goggins
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create. David Ogilvy
The size of your audience doesn’t matter. Just keep up the good work. Unknown
Work in silence. Let your success be your noise. Unknown
Be loyal to those are not present. In doing so, you build the trust of those who are present. Stephen Covey
If you want to change the culture, you will have to start by changing the organization. Mary Douglas
You don’t know what you can get away with until you try. Colin Powell
Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head. Euripides 
You can start right where you stand and apply the habit of going the extra mile by rendering more service and better service than you are now being paid for. Napoleon Hill
The world always seems brighter when you’ve just made something that wasn’t there before. Neil Gaiman
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. Mark Twain
For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack. Rudyard Kipling
An artist is a creature driven by demons. He doesn’t know why they choose him and he’s usually too busy to wonder why. William Faulkner
I must create a system, or be enslaved by another man’s. I will not reason and compare: my business is to create. William Blake
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. Albert Camus
To do a dull thing with style-now that’s what I call art. Charles Bukowski
